welcome to our visualization we analyze
self-reported northeastern student
dating app data to look at relevant
characteristics and trends
for our first visualization we use the
information provided in our survey which
describes the main reason why users are
active on their preferred dating app and
to provide a more insightful analysis we
divided the results according to the age
range of the user to extract a
relationship to activate the pie chart
you must select a reason people use
dating apps
this will only show people using dating
apps for that reason separated by age
group we made the visualization
interactive so that we could present the
information in a more fun and
entertaining way to the user to
highlight the selected pie slice we use
shadowing as our preferred style for the
pies which complements the details on
demand available on mouseover
notice how the pie chart is linked to
the bar chart to the right of it when
the user brushes over a piece of the pie
chart they will see a link to the mean
of the amount of meetups people have had
so together you can see people in
certain age groups their reason for
joining the dating app and the average
amount of meetups this group has had
the second visualization shows the
number of meetups that our responders
have done divided by ranges from zero
meetups all the way to 20 plus meetups
by meetups we mean the number of times
that they've actually met with someone
and they started a conversation with
inside of a dating app we have divided
each column of match ranges into male
and female matches to show the
difference between our male and female
users of dating apps
for the bar chart we decided to color
the selected bars when hovering over
them for a better visualization of the
details on demand
the final visualization breaks down the
vices displayed on dating profiles
it breaks them into two categories turn
ons and turn offs we have created this
visualization to show the distribution
of these traits among our population of
users if you scroll over the pie charts
you can receive details on demand
displayed with the shadow and explain
the attribute with the count we've
decided to place the pie chart side by
side for an easier comparison of the
proportions of turn ons versus turn offs